Introduction 

This game will mimic the classic game Pac-Man. The difference is that the ghosts in this game will use the A* algorithm to chase players. Also, this game has a never die guard ghost. I changed my learning part from reinforcement and decision tree learning to Bayesian learning and N-gram learning. 

Game AI Engine 

This game has two movements wander and seek. For the wander, I set some poisons and make a loop, so the ghost can go to the position by the loop. For the seeker, I use an API of the A* Pathfinding project(https://arongranberg.com/astar/). According to my understanding and information on the Web. If we do not use the API we can divide the map into many nodes, and you can set the start position and goal position. Then we use a loop to find the neighbors' nodes of the start position (node. x (-1-1), node. y (-1,1)). It will use node 1(old/start one) – node 2(new/neighbor), and it will get the distance of the x-axis and y-axis. Then, use algorithm 14 * (distance of x-axis/ distance of y-axis) + 10 * (distance of x-axis - distance of y-axis/ distance of y-axis - distance of x-axis), so it can get the G cost = old G cost + new G node 1 to node 2 distance, and H cost = node2 to goal node. Also, it has open-list and close list. Every node in the close list is no longer consider and all walls are in the close-list. We add a new node to open list and use algorithm calculation then keep in open list for the path (if new note F cost smaller than old node F cost or equal and new node H cost smaller than old note H cost) or remove to open list and add in the close list. Then, according to the current position of the player and the position of the next pathfinding point calculate the direction and distance of the frame and calculate whether the displacement of this frame will exceed the next node. For a smoother display, we can use timer+=Time.deltaTime = 0.2 and call IEnumerator to reach goal position. In the game, when the player eats pellet the ghosts will run to the core, and if the player is not in the range it will patrol else ghosts will chase the player.
